this video is made possible by the
following cuties you can check out the
gear they provide for me in the
description below
hey guys jimmy here and welcome back to
another video so the other day i was
wasting my spare time as i always do by
browsing through twitter i came across
this mad lad so this is psycher159 you
might know him from the grandest my
sport events
here he is jump drifting a [__] bus
at the ebisu circuit and he just
continues he just keeps going
look at the angle and of course watching
that video reminded me that this mod
exists this is the orion bus mod and
comes with a normal kind of standard
bus and also the thing i'm going to be
driving today
a two and a half thousand horsepower
eight
ton drift bus and what do you do when
you get all that information and process
it through your head you go oh
i wonder how fast that will lap the
nordschleifer in spongebob text so
that's what i'm gonna do now the big
issue i'm gonna have is what you're
gonna see now is that this bus
is well surprisingly quite [__] long
so i can't really drift it about like i
would a car because i have like
eight meters of arse behind me so if i'm
you know giving a bit of a po trying to
be a hero there's a good chance i'm
going to smash into a barrier so
i've actually got to be quite sensible
and given that it's a bus there's
actually room for you guys to back seat
this time you can go jump in the back
and tell me how bad i am you have
permission i guess let's go and find out
how fast can a two and a half thousand
horsepower eight ton
bus will happen lord cipher ring taxi
move over
we ring the bus now so ladies and
gentlemen here we are
inside the bus unsurprisingly the outlap
was terrifying
uh as would be the case with two and a
half thousand horsepower
and eight tons behind you but i think i
figured out how to drive it
it's incredibly fast in a straight line
for what it is also considering that
it's basically a brick
in terms of aerodynamics and then
equally terrifying in the corners
because you're long
you're a long boy so if you get it
sideways at all it's a big
big chance you're gonna hit the uh the
barrier with the tail end
of the bus and if you do that this mod
has an interesting
bug i think it's fair to say that if you
do make contact
there's like a 50 chance that your
wheels just disappear below the map
and then you can't really accelerate
anymore which is you know
it makes slapping it makes laughing a
little bit difficult
also cool feature the fan up the top
left there is connected to the engine so
two and a half thousand horsepower fan
there's german right
ring bus go so i'm gonna just put my
foot down
and you're gonna see the extent of the
turbo and the uh
the wheel spin
[Music]
not bad acceleration this but of course
you have to really
remember that you have a lot of weight
behind it to break very very early
anyway time to get into attack mode as i
heat this bus from side to side
get well onto the kerb on the right so
we can turn in
perfect and the lap starts now
in our drift bus baby i have no idea
where the brakes i'm gonna break even
earlier than i usually do downshift so
easy to the inside there you see
marvel's understeer this thing is made
to go sideways but
once you go start going sideways make
things a bit tricky
so now we come down towards hats and
back come on turn in
your own sons boy easy peasy
thing is this thing is so fast in a
straight line 100 mile an hour there by
the way
in a [__] 8-ton bus it's so fast in a
straight line that you kind of forget
that when you get to a corner you weigh
so much and you
end up overshooting sometimes so you
actually have to go through it quite
slowly
although you can see i am sliding it
quite a lot to get the
direction change but you got to be
careful because the barrier is
very very close to side the circuit here
and they're very easy to touch
luckily though we always have like a
billion torques so we can just put it in
third fourth gear and it'll pull pretty
well now now we get a taste of a speed
this thing
the actual speed of the thing and of
course big old turbo set to 100 so we've
got that max
2500 horsepower there's 200 k's before
coming to the flu plant so the love of
god slow down
and then we turn it in i'm very sure
we're on just like standard
bus tires so they're set to like some
ridiculous tire pressure
which means the sliding's even more fun
i'll have a turbo whistle in the
background there as well just to make
things interesting
there's 140 miles an hour just just in
case you're wondering we have 240 k's
we've got a break we've got a break
you want to get right to the inside here
you see even then the bus is trying to
uh trying to escape and then we go
downhill breaking
our biggest enemy in this thing because
we suddenly weigh more than eight tons
easy there you go
i was worried in the first half i was
trying to get kind of uh stuck at the
bridge there but
luckily it's higher than that there's
fun down here you can
really throw the bus up here if you if
you want to have a bit of a laugh for
that turning really early
[Music]
over the curve on the inside there we
got slower down we got a slower down
chief
there you go and now the temptations are
really sliding through here but you
can't because of how close the walls are
i've tried it in practice i
i tagged the wall imagine
having practice in the bus wheels just
casually 180 degrees in the wrong
direction there
that's how we do hello rebel tree i've
got some friends with me today they're
all very angry
the internet ladies and gentlemen okay
you can see here my people's attempt
where i left the road quite
unceremoniously slowing
down quite a bit now
i think that you know the guys over at
apex you know misha
oh boosted boris they need to um
they need to start getting into this
game you know
ring taxi is so 2010s
we in the 2020s now it's all about the
ring bus
there's many people on here as possible
and if you come back with half of them
still alive that's a good trip
i think that's a positive experience for
the guys on the bus
right miss it miss
holy [__] that's that was almost okay
i nearly i nearly died on the wall there
i've got a break super early here as
well
this is as much as i can bring about
locking up it's still trying to lock up
we need to get some sparks here from the
right no we don't sometimes you bottom
out
when you turn in there on the uh on the
front right
hand corner there's a short shift
and again i'm going to break quite early
here because breaking downhill is not a
good thing
i might try and keep it in third then
try and straddling off here
now it's super easy to get this thing
sideways you can see i'm barely on the
front
it wants to go sideways so we've got to
actually try and bring that in a little
bit
for the run there you go now we can
come on bus traction
i love it there's another part where you
can just heat it to one side hope for
the best like this
it's really difficult getting used to
having such a long
wheelbase it's a very odd experience
because
also you can kind of get you have a bit
of a gap between you and the front of
the bus even though you're so close to
the front so the way you turned in you
almost aim for a very late apex and then
let the the rear come around hope you
don't hit anything
this is somewhere where you can have a
big crash especially here because you
get a little bit complacent with the
amount of room you've got an exit here
so i turned it nice and i just run over
the curve it's safer there you go
i like how we're dissecting the uh the
racing lines for a
two and a half thousand horsepower bus
that's what my channel is
i'm very sorry it's come to this there
you go
fourth gear on the way down here entire
because why the hell not i don't think
it even does much in this
it might even have an auto kicker i
don't know it's a very weird the the
stock bus
you get in this is a flappy paddle or
like a a sequential gearbox thing this
is an h pad
so actually can you uh
[Music]
oh it doesn't need to oh i'll blip it
anyway
i look cooler while blipping right
definitely don't
now the carousel this is the fun one you
can go in the carousel but you have to
make sure all of you is in before you
start turning so there you go all in
oh it's starting to don't don't fall
through the map
sparks never a good thing in this uh in
this bus you can just also fall through
the map of just
random times because that's what this
mod is like
that's why i love modern ac you never
know what you're gonna get turn in
oh i have to really try and straighten
up quickly on exit because it's so easy
for the rear tyres
to wander off into the next [__]
country
i was doing so well with not swearing oh
well
please don't hurt me youtube dad i'm i'm
trying my best
i'm a man of i'm a man of habit
there you go
turn let's see big sharp input in the
wheel there
pretty sure this is not aiming to take
whipperman well actually i think it's i
think
it's a hammer to take it just not like
that
turn him please this thing doesn't
really understand what understeer is
it's under
it's it it's it starts off as undersea
you don't worry you've got you've got
some uh
time to sort things out and it goes
hello actually no it's oversteer
and before you know it you've uh
murdered some of the people in the back
there you go
that's the line imagine if auto
addiction was still around they saw this
absolute mad lad come through i mean a
lot of them ident the channel there
anyway because you're not gonna do much
better than that are you
[Music]
oh my g oh man i should have i should
have heated it in there i did that in
practice i just sent it in
sideways and it worked better
up here for example you just send it
around on the throttle it's all right
half the other bus is still on the
circuit
going over the jump watch out for the
gravel we're in it we're in it we're out
and then again send it to the other side
take fourth gear
it's such a weird technique it's
actually quite satisfying to have this
for getting the
crazy drifts right basically but this
far off the curb you're doing it wrong
you need to be like straddling the curve
for the front wheels when you go over
something
otherwise you're kind of guaranteed to
have a big old smash now i don't know
where to break here so i'm going to try
here
a bit late but we can now hopefully try
and eat back across
i see i'll just touch touch the rear on
the
oh no i think it's happened
no it's okay oh man i thought our wheels
went through the map then
i just touched the rear on the barrier
that's enough i thought it take you see
how
how long the second thing is you reckon
oh yeah i've got room there
no you have not there is no room not for
you
there's a chance we're gonna go around
here in under 10 minutes but
you've kind of seen it a little bit now
but this is the bus this is a party
piece of this thing just
all the power in the world and the
longest straight
in the world it's entirely a good thing
so come on bus
let's see what you got you got six gears
somewhere nearly up in the top gear now
there's 140 again i think it's wandering
all over the place
then you go up into six 240 k's give me
that 250
give me 250 there it is can we do 260
uphill now i'm gonna have to really send
it over the apex here and just
sideways it we're still gathering speed
even uphill now
to 260 easy i wonder if we can get 270
of the weight assist on the downhill
turn it in nice and early there you go
sideways through there
i lost a bit of speed scrubbed it off no
i'm not gonna get oh we're airborne
oh no the rear tires have gone through
they've gone through
we can still finish the lap you can see
the sparks and the rear view camera
there
we can still finish come on
come on one more corner
come on come
on yeah we made it
9 24 7. can i get a view on those red
yeah that's what happens you turn into
like the uh negative rake bus
there she goes well guys
that was the orion bus oh man look at it
it looks so sorry
it's trying its best it's even kind of
mint as well but yeah that was the orion
bus drift bus
at the nordschleife and we somehow
managed a
nine minute 24 minute lap time nine
minute 24 yeah i made 24 second lap time
um i'm not quite sure what that's in the
ground scheme of things but that's still
quicker than 10 minutes which is pretty
damn good for a bus
even with our wheels departing to the
shadow realm at the end there but uh
guys
hope you enjoyed it this is a lot of fun
uh thank you so much uh
kyle psyker for giving me the idea on
twitter really good fun to try us out
maybe i wasn't too great but that's not
the point of it
um i'll link the mod in the description
so if you want to try it out and see how
fast you can go
feel free to do so as always if you
enjoyed the video i'd appreciate a uh a
like on the video and a subscription
because that way you can see more crazy
[__] like this and
uh i'm a youtuber so likes are a good
thing apparently take care guys have an
awesome day oh thank you to my patrons
and sponsors almost
i'd love to get those guys i'll see you
all next time bye
[Music]
you